There’s a meme, if someones IQ is mid they can have a conversation on finance and investments, a bit higher on they’ll talk about philosophy, and the highest may converse about physics. It’s a curious idea to me because I valued ‘4D’ conversations growing and I don’t feel as if I have a lot of them anymore and that could be because of me personally or who I surround myself with. So the question is, do I go about finding the people that want to talk about philosophy and physics because I’ve had enough investment talk. The PhDs or people with higher education that I know don’t strike me as particularly intelligent. They seem to be high achieving which I think is different. The people I know with masters seem to be a bit more on the curiosity side of things whereas the PhDs seem to be on the status/career side of the education realm. I don’t know a ton of highly educated people so it’s a small sample size but I feel like the most intelligent people in my life are Bien, Vlad - the next tier may be Quentin, Nahom. TNT aren’t intellectually curious, Tony is tied to the liberal arts and is my most creative friend. He could reach the top of his field but that’s not the intellectually furthest field. 

I think there’s some truth to the whole meme I described. In my 20s I’m optimizing for learning so the question is, can I make use of my final three years of 20s to level up to a new degree. I’ve got the investments/finance/economics realm done as far as I care to go. Computer science is treating me well and I want to continue working in this field, learning more about python. My number one job preference is now the University of Minnesota. I will apply there so that I can join their physics/philosophy classes.

By the time I’m 30 I’d like to have a masters degree in philosophy. I want to write a paper on how AGI could discover new physics. Then after that I may try to do a physics PhD if I like the academic realm.  30 is my deadline for my first child because if I’d like the possibility for four then we’d have to have them back to back at some point. The responsibility of having a puppy doesn’t excite me about the responsibility of children but I think it’s a stage of enlightenment to have children. 

If I refuse to tailor myself to anywhere except the university, I think I am bound to get a job there. I will ask to meet people and I will get into the University.

Simplifying my direction makes it really easy to track whether or not I am making real progress. Secondary to that, I am going to research philosophy departments globally and start connecting with people. I think I’ve found my way. 