A great prompt for a conversation is something like - what's one of the most fun things you've done recently? I'm trying to answer that with someone and I feel like I haven't gone for hardcore fun in a bit. Drugs certainly help but I haven't been into drugs lately. Isle Royale was fun for me. The music Bien produced was butter. Marielle's birthday party was cool because I saw Tracy, Jenny, and Marielle all leave a sense of control to let alcohol in. It wasn't the sort of mischievous or random complimenting type fun that I enjoy when boozing. When I think of all my friends - Antoine and Marielle are the people I consider to be the fun friends. It's a sense of being unhinged and leading the dancing to spread the vibe. Both may use alcohol as a tool but it's not a requirement. Both are down for weed but that's not their drug of choice. They are both single so they have this sort of energy that I like to live through that I can wingman for them if there's a human of interest in our proximity. They are all about exploring new places...on a budget...and inclusive. They are going to have a good time with whoever is in the squad but at the same time they are not forcing it - they are just being themselves. 

With Tracy and Tamara, I feel compelled to be the fun friend to push the boundaries of what gives us a little thrill. I almost want to feel the nervous heart pounding or do something physically intense enough to get my heart rate above it 90% rate. The heart is involved in having a hella fun moment. Nahom I can also count on for creating an amazing night. Bien knows a quick recipe - go get some beers, listen to music, enjoy the bar scene. That's what a place's scene is in many cases. Bien knnows tons of SF bars, tons of NY bars, and has seen every state. That type of travel and exposure lends itself to figuring out a good time in any given place The beach run we had was so fun, the nights in New Orleans weren't ragers but they were awesome, same with St. Loius. That was a fantastic roadtrip. The roadie with Dennis too - fucking amazing. I want to go pick up the East coast fellas and drive them up to Maine - or fly out when V has a new car and go on a raging trip. 

I know what the most fun moments are for me. Exploring with the people I love - the people who know to generate a lit time sober or on substance. I've gotta schedule the next one. Fun friends are also funny friends - that definitely makes me think of V - probably who I think generates the most laughs. He's got 'hot takes' on a wide range of popular media/news and just stores jokes in his mind well. Recognizes moments when he laughed and can then reshares them. 

Water parks and rollercoasts give a hit of pleasure that I really enjoyed as a child but I haven't tried going to lately. Travelling far off distances is consistently fun - Hawaii was a constant fun - amazing to surf, to ride a helicopter, to hike in the rain. It's someone who adventures, someone who jokes and makes everyone laugh, it's the creative musician, the social friend who meets strangers and brings together seperate groups of friends. I want to expand my social circle more now than I have in the past. I am going to try making friends with Sanoo and other people I meet through work or the bootcamp. I am going to see if I can make some tennis friends this year too. 