A Warren Buffett line is something like being born in the US is like winning the birth lottery. A Buddhist story suggests the probability of being born a human is similar to the probability of a single blind turtle in the ocean life popping its head up in the middle of the only life preserver in the ocean. Ruth King describes the dominant group in this way as having these characterstics:
- White
- Male
- Christian
- Heterosexual
- Married
- Able-bodied

Although I don't identify as a Christian, I was given these teachings growing up. Between the rare probability to be alive, then be one of a smaller probablity of being in the dominant nation since WW2, and lastly being part of the dominant group of the US - I feel bestowed a power I did not earn. All of those characteristics were out of control besides getting married so it wasn't a power that could be earned. With this awareness I feel compelled to leverage my advantage - like a common Roger Federer line - I practice my strength (the forehand) because his opponents will attack his weakness. Given extra opportunities to be dominant, I feel as if it would be a missed opportunity to not take advantage of them. Many people who have similar advantages as I do seem to take them for granted and are content with a sense that they don't need to be continually refining their strength. Being an average size human, my phyiscal intelligence is not going to give me outsized returns. Having access to the greatest forms of education and mentors is what will give me outsized returns. 

I operate through the lens of loving awareness described by Ram Dass or compassion described by Jack Kornfield and somehow the market doesn't seem to be a place where I could potentially be doing the opposite of these teachings. Another great teacher, Berkshire puts it this way - "what gives you opportunities is other people doing dumb things" and that's something fewer people are willing to look for. Capitalism asks for a market that weeds out the dumb ideas and a for profit enterprise is an expression of intellect. If I have a better intellectual understanding about the market and what delights people, then I'm going to make money for it in a capitlist system and if I have an inferior understanding/execution of my ideas, then I'll lose my money. Nobody has to participate in the markets but don't think it's evil to partake in the system even though it may harm people for their ignornance. Or did they harm themselves? I don't think of myself to be smart enough to compete with people in the market today but one day I do think I will be able to compete. 

A certain bias one finds in the markets is that the world is overwhelmingly short-term focused. That human misjudgment that is likely to go on as long as people keep going to their day job and try hitting their quarterly goals. 

The will to power is not evil as far as I see with Berkshire rather they're entirely practical people that are of human flaws in markets.

Charlie explains them in Poor Charlie's Almanack - my favorite section of the book.

The main advantages of being an American are being able to participate in the US stock market, having the global reserve currency, getting cheap foreign resources, global respect when travelling and having the top educational institutions. I think you're missing out if you don't take advantage of that - a controversial idea but one which I would welcome in my own family. I have an older brother who's single and I know that he's likeable and able to provide saftey and support for another person. A man from Burma now has a US passport so he goes to Laos in his 30s and finds a beautiful 18 year old wife. Of course people won't like that but is that better for the US that this man is increasing our population - YES, is it good for him - obviously, he has passed on his genes and has a family - 8 kids at the moment, and is the wife in a net positive situation - I would argue yes that she can provide money to her family, she has given them grandchildren, and she has opened them to the opportunity to live in a wealthier nation. If I were in my brother's situation I would travel outside the US, find a wife and have a family - that's an enormous American advantage. A man with some money and a US passport is a force outside the US. I want love to exist in his relationship and I believe it could grow even if the origin of the relationship is for the chance to experience the American Dream. 


