Day after day I get a feeling like I've come across some incredible ideas. I have thought a lot about what I want to do in the world - building businesses interests me but I am not going to be the technical expert of the business. I did come up with an idea that would just take serious work to try implementing but is bound to be a good idea. The M courts may be the best aspect of my upbringing. I loved playing basketball on those courts. Matt has the same experience. All of my friends and many generations of ballers had this same experience. Therefore, I think the idea is good enough where it would spread by word of mouth that we are building basketball courts all around the US and beginning the National M Court League. I want to make it serious at the highest levels - but the majority of people who get to play are just like me and Vlad - B team basketball players that love the thrill of being able to dunk. It promotes good health, good competition and there's not another thing I can name where I was totally into it. I was immersed and would still be if I could get a good game of M courts going again. No thoughts come up in the midst of playing - that's a time when I felt the flow the most. M courts will be the pickleball to tennis. Available to a wider range of people and which has the potential to grow fast. So many parks have real sized hoops that we could add short hoops to. I don't think it needs much more justification - but do I need a business to facilitate it is the question. 

We need to get a map and set a goal to add 10 M courts to the US a year. 

One job would be to find the sites and contact the people necessary to develop on it.
Another job would be to manage the site that facilitates all the league games.
All the homies could be the founders of the org - I'm actually hyped on this idea.

Two goals for 2024 - begin the first M Courts rec league in MN and deliver copies of Thaka.

Begin Doing - until both goals are achieved and don't give a fuck about anything else. A job will come. 