### Risk

---

Q shared the news that he is being offered a gs9 gig out in Oregon, working on Timber and going towards being a silviculturist for the The Forest Service. It’s been neat to watch him come up with the idea, pursue it and get it - that’s what you are rewarded with for being a precrastinator. The dude gets a project and does it at quickly as he can yet he has the ability to reflect and change course if need be. I think he’s helped me become aware of some of my own shortcomings. I am the person who lingers too long on making a decision - weighing out the consequences too long rather than diving head first and just doing the work. 

I am in that state right now. I want to pursue my art but I haven’t posted a lot to get public/friend feedback and I don’t feel the rush to make it as an artist in my 20s. I feel like getting a lot of life experience and learning a variety of fields is a wise way to go about approaching a career. 

As they leave I feel a motivation come over me to take a risk. Tracy and I are growing comfortable in Minnesota and I want to push her outside of her comfort zone as well as push myself further outside my own comfort zone. 

It’s about time we push ourselves and frankly I don’t need to live in this St Paul neighborhood for another year. I’m certainly going to miss the life here - Megan, Nahom, going to Brookings, Jon/Ben, Marielle, Jen, Guled - all the friends we have here are dope. I know what big time growth looks like though and we boutta get it. 


I don’t know if it’s because they are leaving but I am going a little mad today internally. The caffeine has been doing me like this for a while now so I need to quit in December I’m fed up with the lows even though the highs are great. I can’t focus on doing anything productive. I just want to start a blog.