Spending a week with Bien I got a good taste of the swagger of someone who's real intellligent. 

It was a good feeling to hear Bien - a genius caliber specimen - recognize that doing Math at Stanford wasn't his route because the others were so intelligent. Then you hear about Bezos not going into theoretical physics because he had the same realization. I think that's why I can't continually peak outside of my sphere of competency. I know a lot about investments and bit about a lot of other things. A mediocre amount about python and data science. Bien knows a lot about software engineering and autonomous cars. Vlad knows a lot about software engineering and managing people. Bien's going into the LLM space because he's always interested in being on the edge - in being part of a startup. I like that strategy, I just don't know that I've proven I can do that line of work. Adriens offer to form a company hasn't resulted in anything which is unfortunate but I could just follow up with him soon. 

I am still uncertain of how I want to add to a company with my work. I'd like the chance to go to Silicon Valley and fuck around the bay for a couple years. I think I'd be more drawn to exploring CA/Washington/Alaska rather than building software. I have the mindset to work harder than what Bien was saying but his skills are simply more in demand for the startup world. I do not have the technical skill to do the hardware - I don't think it's impossible to learn but I don't think it's one of those things that excite me about the world. I have respect for people who go hard in their work and their art. I want to be a successful writer of course but I am career focused for the sake of having a big family with Tracy and taking care of as many people as I can. 

The type of intelligence doctors have leads to a bit of swagger. Cool seeing the life of residents in training for a while but I can't be in a hospital that much. Not for my type and I don't want a hospital wife/life. I don't actually want to go into intensely competitive situations. I think education will also strike me as if I am creating something I am not passionate about. Same with 3M. Someone's gotta do it but I 