Being bored, sitting meditation, allowing silence to come, going for a long walk with no destination, drifting in thought without an intention, background music contemplation, being alone in nature, the absence of stimulation - all these moments provide opportunity for inner excavation. 

The main question that helps me answer the question of inner excavation is: What would you do if money didn’t matter?

I remember being asked this during my yoga teacher training and the most authentic answer was to be an author. It wasn't the first time I had that thought I continue to feel as if publishing the things I write is fueling me because I feel like I am radically transparent for the first time. 

Another potent question is: What was your childhood inclination?
I remember wanting to be an NBA player, a spy, a survivalist, an adventure guide, an entrepreneur, and a writer came later on - after a love for reading emerged around age 16. When I was in elementary school I tried to make my own board game that I would sell at the mall and since then I've wanted to be an entrepreneur in the sense of making a delightful product or shaping a wonderful space and that's still with me. I feel as if the writing creates the vision and the entreprenueriship is about manifesting or actualizing that vision. 

I experienced a profound pause and wrote about it after it happened that I want to include and look back on in this exploration of inner excavation. I read it now and don't feel as if there was an Aha moment that I could pick out from the writing - it's an experiential reality with an even playing field for the most part. In hindsight I realize not everyone is capable of doing it and that's why I think the people that you meet at a Vipassana course (especially old students serving) are the most interesting subgroup of people I've ever met. Every story is so unique and it's a place where oral stories are passed on daily while serving. There's also plenty of time for doing the inner work. Since this course I have managed anxiety primarly through these teachings along with intense exercise. 


I picked up three people from the airport and we talked about the course on the hour long drive to Menomonie, Wisconsin. Each person was going for different reasons; two were from New York and wanted to find some peace and quiet for a while and the third was from Memphis and had attended a course before. They all happened to be 36 years old so I enjoyed the company of a different generation of people I don't interact with often.

I felt that there were very logical explanations to how this worked. The teacher, S. N. Goenka, recorded videos and each night we would listen to his discourse for an hour and fifteen minutes. Everybody seemed to love this part of the course because although he was very serious about staying continuous in your practice, he also made everybody laugh every night. He is an amazing speaker and explains how this is a scientific operation of observing objectively. He explains how all misery comes from cravings and aversions. You learn to feel sensations on the body and some become pleasant after long practice. On day seven I felt free flowing energy throughout my body and the feeling was very pleasant. However, on day four I had so many sensations of pain in my back I had to end up shifting around. You learn to see whatever sensation arises and then you don't give any importance to it and continue observing sensations elsewhere on the body. You learn not to create cravings for the pleasant sensations and not to create aversions to the pain. You work to remain equanimous.

The entire program is run by volunteers, such that nobody there got paid. The course is free so that people don't feel like they are paying while the course is going on but I'd assume everyone decided to donate after the course because every person I talked to there absolutely loved the course. Originally 44 people had signed up and two females dropped out by the seventh day. There were the moments for everyone where they thought, "Should I leave today, this is too much for me?" It took a lot of mental push to stay the entire time but I am extremely happy that I did because you don't fully learn the technique until the last day and the tenth day was so much fun. On the tenth day you only meditate for about three hours and have the rest of the day just to talk with the other participants and I got to know three guys really well. A senior at Notre Dame, an exchange student from Germany, and another guy aged 21 from Colorado. I'll keep in contact with them and learned a lot of books to read and documentaries and movies to watch from them.

I drove back with the three people I had given a ride to and we went out for breakfast at the uptown diner. It was odd going back and hearing all the noise of people talking but we had a really great breakfast and I feel I could contact those people at any time because of how close we felt connected after the day. I can't explain the whole ten days but I do encourage everyone I am in contact with to consider taking one of these ten day courses. I am positive that it will bring a benefit to every person's life in one way or the other. Just experiencing silence for ten days is wonderful. This past week I have felt more productive and experienced very little negativity, and I did not multiply it within myself when it arose.

Inner excavation is the process of finding your unique purpose. Authenticity is guaranteed once you taste the inner excavation. A big picture purpose that charges me is the reduction of sufferring. It's the action that allows for peace to arise. 