I am back on the East Coast which is still significant for me. I don't spend much time here each year and it's almost never more than a weekend. Tony has a nice room to host the boys. Slept well last night with Vald and Antoine close by. Tum slept with Trace and the dogs and I am so grateful she's there to keep Trace company. I want to be able to leave to do solo side quests from time to time during marriage in order to keep learning more about myself. Antoine showed me a new slice of life yesterday at his office. He really does contribute to the team that puts out the best map on global forest loss in the last 25 years and while he can't take a lot of credit for that, I am proud of Antoine for this type of achievement. He introduced me to all the people in his life and I am getting the feel of a college again - the diversity of thought and backgrounds. A lab or the type of environment he works in still doesn't really suit me - a specialist in a field that simply needs more data for the AI to injest to create something better. I may be cynical about how much human effort is really needed to make that sort of thing work but I trust that the LLMs + World Models will somehow breakthrough and create more accurate representations of forest loss. In a way it's silly to make a claim that a field doesn't interest me because the problems one could solve within it are soon to be figured out by a greater intelligence. I am wondering how much intelligence work will go away. I love Vald and respect his work yet the meeting grind and the solving of difficult problems is outside of my level of intelligence within CS. I am uniquely skilled to take people deep into the outdoors and I still have a deep love for technology. Bien is doing the work that I feel requires the most intelligence because he's having to reverse engineer features of the state-of-the-art technology and then build and iterate on them. Another feat which I am simply incapable of doing in my current state. The east coast makes me feel closer to national news and Hawaii made me feel the furthest away from global news. Obviously I prefer Hawaii. I love to ingest history and make a clearer picture of the world but I am happy to be passive in the technology race and the military apparatus. From movies growing up, I have a spy bent but I don't think about myself as someone who is willing to sacrifice family. 

It's funny how many times I've come to this moment of pondering what the future of adding value to the world for me is. Carpentry feels like the slow and steady route - like farming. People need to do it but it's not pushing people forward in big ways. Finance is a dead end for the soul but an easy money farming route. Fine for early career but if AI+Blockchain doesn't overtake this domain, we are in trouble. No human should need to keep track of the amount of money someone transacts when we have compute. Healthcare is a field I'm simply willing to overlook because I am not going to get educated to work in the field even though there are some practical uses to it. I have never been hospitalized and I don't use Western medicine as a first resort so I don't feel drawn to it any way. Education of the youth is still something that I can see for myself but not in the traditional school setting. Field courses like Bien did at Stanford on outdoor leadership seem like the move where you collectively read a book and get some good ole teaching on 'fun in the woods' seems like the type of thing I would want to teach students. 

That's an interesting idea for a Minneapolis business...helping build the youth of Minnesota into true outdoorspeople by taking them on long expeditions. I should orient myself to find work doing that - like being a wilderness inquiry trip leader. That's a tangible goal that I could hold for the long term and I may be able to hire a competing organization after getting some experience elsewhere. Let me keep building that idea. I remember when I was 18 and I chose Minneapolis for the female/city opportunities but Wyoming was my actual passion to do NOLS. I am still in my 20s but I don't feel compelled to have someone else teach me how to be a true outdoorsman. I can do this work with my fam and best friends, my wife and other people that I tend to think are cool. Most of all - I will feel like a cool dad if I am able to get this going. I could even talk to my neighbor about expanding his Kayak business. Just like that, the change of scenery and the pouring out of thoughts has help me defined a new project. The writing will come in time. I don't need to be a renowned author in my own lifetime. I want to be able to do what Will Steger is doing and live free with la naturaleza as that is a beautifully llived life. When I think about what makes for great beauty - it's doing increasingly challenging things within your chosen domain and experiencing and discovering something new.

Let's explore this idea in further depth:

A blend of expert guiding and real-time environmental data.

Think of Boyd Varty - a safari guide in South Africa that tracks all sorts of animals and can provide experiences that is rare for anyone. Very few humans get the chance to walk/run up on a pride of lions with some sense of security. 

I don't need to take people to see wolves and bears even though that's a neat experience - I am happy just practicing survival techniques in the wilderness purely for the fun of it. A struggle and a reward. Exceptional cooking can be part of it. 

Okay, my coffee is finished and I've written towards a beautiful idea. I have the vision to make progress towards this life goal and whatever work I decide to do in the intermediate is trivial. I'll attempt to apply for one job within the next 25 minutes and head back to Tone's. 